Implement asset uploading (#846)
alwaysmeticulous/meticulous-sdk: packages/remote-replay-launcher/README.md

# Remote Replay Launcher

Exposes a simple API for launching remote (running in Meticulous' cloud) test runs
against an app hosted locally, and exposed via the Meticulous secure tunnels service.
([see @alwaysmeticulous/tunnel-client](../tunnel-client))

> Also exposes an API for launching a remote run by uploading a bundle to S3 for Meticulous
> to download and use.

Reviewer: nit: not storage specific, and for a bit more clarity on the type of 

```suggestion
Also exposes an API for launching a remote run by uploading static build artefacts to Meticulous
and executing tests against them.
```
